---
layout: archive
title: "Research Paper List"
permalink: /Research/
author_profile: true
---



### 1. The Pricing of Convertible Bond Based on the Consistent Risk Measurement
A. Established a new portfolio model of risk perception and extended the interpretation ability of the traditional M-V model;

B. Combined with the geometric Brownian motion change of stock price, it can further explain the economic phenomenon that investors adopt different investment behaviors in the same investment opportunity, and promote the further development of interest rate derivative pricing technology.



### 2. An Empirical Study on the Impact of Science and Technology Investment on China's Economic Growth: Based on Panel Data Model Analysis
Based on the data from 2011 to 2015 in 31 provinces and cities in China, this paper studies the impact of scientific and technological input represented by fiscal technology expenditure, scientific and technological human resources, and patent application acceptance on China's economic growth. Firstly, the stationarity test and panel cointegration test are carried out on the data of each province. Then, the F-test and hausman test are used to make the judgment of the individual fixed effect model, and the model estimation result and regression equation are obtained.

### 3. China's digital music consumption market Survey
Under the influence of the flattening of the Internet, the Chinese music industry has presented a cross-network development trend in terms of content production, copyright service, publicity and distribution, and user use. This survey aims to explore the Chinese digital music market users through market research. The current situation of consumption, explore its causes, explore the potential of further promoting the development of digital music from the user's point of view, and focus on the impact of the two major factors of technology and copyright on digital music consumption, and finally put forward some targeted suggestions.

### 4. The Research of Task Pricing Model of "Photographing and Making Money"
In this paper, we use K-mean clustering method, global least squares method, joint analysis method, floating pricing model, fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method, and comprehensively use SPSS, MATLAB, C language for the task pricing problem generated by the “photographing and making money” platform. The programming software continuously optimizes and improves the optimal pricing rules of the APP platform through reasonable analysis, reasonable pricing index system, improvement methods for intensive task pricing and reasonable solutions for new task pricing.

### 5. Analysis of Climate Change and National Fragility (ICM 2018 Test paper)
Climate Change is already affecting each person and country in far-reaching ways. In this article, we focus on how to evaluate a country’s fragility score as well as its risk status by establishing an evolution model, and meanwhile, determine in what specific way climate change could affect its fragility.

First, we adapted Principle Component Analysis (PCA) to construct a National Fragility Scoring Mode. Secondly, we determined the indirect relationship between climate change and national fragility by using the Correlation Coefficient Method. Thirdly, we classified three statuses with the method of Hierarchical Clustering. We selected Syria for empirical analysis because according to the scoring model and selected Japan for assessment. 

We first defined “tipping point” as a sudden change in the national fragility score triggered by abrupt climate change, and then adjusted the climate change indicators through the Intervention Analysis Model. In addition, we conducted Nonlinear Regression on selected indicators to estimate the total cost of Japanese intervention in climate change. Specifically, for smaller “states,” the Stepwise-Clustered Downscaling Model adjusts for scale differences; For larger “states,” the Hybrid Factorial Stepwise method adapts models to each scale and continues to function in reasonably predictable manner.

### 6. We need a sustainable city (ICM 2018 Test paper)
In this paper, we select Jiayuguan City, China and Anchorage, US as the research objects. We adhere to the ten principles and three E’s of sustainability, to define and measure the indicators of smart growth. We build mathematical models, and use Yaahp, Matlab and other software, to study the sustainable development of target cities.

We classify the ten principles and three E’s of smart growth to determine first-level indicators. we use Yaahp software to build analytic hierarchy process model and SPSS to analyze the correlation coefficients of geographical factors, economic development and expected growth rate on the established 16 indicators. Gray prediction method is utilized to evaluate both the smart growth plan and the current growth plan relating to the 16 indicators. Later on, we use principal component analysis to rank the potential of initiatives in the redesigned smart growth plan. Finally, we collect demographic data for each city from 2000 to 2015 to draw scatter plots, which are then fit into the population logistic curve model. Besides, Matlab is used for regression analysis and fitting calculation.

### 7. Quantitative Trading Strategy of Commodity Futures Based on Analysis of Market Capital Flows
We extracted the historical data of corn in the agricultural product sector from 2011 to 2013 and analyzed the relationship between capital flow and future futures prices. We used EXCEL software to build a line chart of the average position change data for all sections. By selecting some sample data for analysis, we found that there is a similarity in the flow of funds. Then we compared the flow of funds in the entire market, the flow of funds in the agricultural sector and the flow of funds in corn.

### 8. Analysis of drug sales based on high-precision grey prediction model
Taking Guangzhou Baiyunshan Pharmaceutical Group as an example, this paper analyzes sales from two aspects of qualitative analysis and quantitative analysis, and proposes rational planning opinions for the future development of enterprises. At the qualitative analysis level, SWOT analysis and PEST analysis were used to establish a SWOT analysis matrix for the sales status of Baiyunshan Pharmaceutical. Combining the internal financial data of the company, it analyzes the profitability, growth ability, operational capability and solvency of Baiyunshan Pharmaceutical respectively, and seeks rectification of problems existing within the enterprise. In terms of quantitative prediction, the Holt-Winter model and the high-precision gray prediction model are used for comparative forecasting analysis. At the same time, the regional sales analysis of the Xianlisu series of drugs, which accounts for a large proportion in the Baiyunshan pharmaceutical market, is analyzed by cluster analysis.
